Adds documentation to Devfile reference page (#5762)
redhat-developer/odo: docs/website/versioned_docs/version-3.0.0/command-reference/dev.md

 ✓  Executing the application [1s]

Your application is now running on the cluster

>  - Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:40001 -3000

Reviewer: Why? This has not been removed from the code, why are you removing this from the docs?

  name: nodejs-starter
```

### `commands`

The list of commands to be used when running `odo dev`.

Each command contains what will be ran within the container.

The four groups are: build, run, test and debug.

> Build is what is initially ran when deploying to the cluster. It is what builds the initial container.

Reviewer: > It is what builds the initial container.

Isn't this misleading? I know you have only changed the formatting in this PR, but the statement is invalid, IMO, because it has nothing to do with building a container, which is a task closer to what `odo build-images` does. This, OTOH, builds the binary inside the container or pulls the dependencies depending upon the stack being used.

Maybe I'm just being nitpicky.

Run executes the command after the container has been built. 

> Debug is enabled when running `odo dev --debug`.

Reviewer: More like "used" rather than "enabled". When we say "enabled", it gives an impression that odo does something to enable it. Rather, odo just uses what's there under `debug`.

  name: nodejs-starter
```

### `commands`

The list of commands to be used when running `odo dev`.

Each command contains what will be ran within the container.

The four groups are: build, run, test and debug.

> Build is what is initially ran when deploying to the cluster. It is what builds the initial codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Build is what is initially ran when deploying to the cluster. It is what builds the command from the sources synced to the container.
```

> Run executes the command after the container has been built. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run executes the command after it has been built from sources. 
```

> Debug is used when running `odo dev --debug`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Debug is used instead of Run when running `odo dev --debug`.
```

Test executes any tests which are available and part of your application. (This is NOT-YET-IMPLEMENTED in odo)

> All of these commands are needed to: build the program, execute the code, debug the application and run any applicable tests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All of these commands are needed to: build the program, execute the program, debug the application and run any applicable tests.
```

  id: test
```

### `components`

Components can include containers as well as Kubernetes yaml.

> In our example, the nodejs image is being used on port 3000.

Reviewer: Maybe a nitpick - `s/image/container`.
